### Within the ungulates folder there is a JSON file called local-path.json that the various notebooks use to load and save data locally. These paths will be unique to the file path structure of the computer being used. The following fields are expected:

**annotations_folder**: This is the path to a folder containing images and corresponding annotations. The annotated images are stored directly in annotations_folder. This folder also contains subfolders (the name of this folder must be specified in the relevant notebooks) that contain annotation information stored in .json files. In particular we expect a “train.json” file and a “val.json” file. This structure allows images to be reused in multiple annotation collections without needing to be saved in many locations.
The expected folder structure is:
  - annotations_folder:
    - Image_file0.jpg
    - Image_file1.jpg
    - …
    - annotations_mpala
      - train.json
      - val.json

**base_frames_folder**: This is the path to a folder containing the extracted frames from each observation in the same format as generated by detection/inference/extract_video_frames.ipynb. In the case of the ungulates where we have multiple video files spanning multiple drone flights each observation has a hierarchy of folders that contain the video frames from each sub video file. Each observation also has a csv file that records the first and last frame in each sub video that is actually included in the animal observation (i.e not including frames that came from flying out or coming back):
  - base_frames_folder:
    - observation088
      - APR08_2018_A_DJI_0005
        - APR08_2018_A_DJI_0005_00001.jpg
        - APR08_2018_A_DJI_0005_00002.jpg
        - …
      - APR08_2018_A_DJI_0006
        - APR08_2018_A_DJI_0006_00001.jpg
        - APR08_2018_A_DJI_0006_00002.jpg
        - …
      - APR08_2018_B_DJI_0005
        - APR08_2018_B_DJI_0005_00001.jpg
        - APR08_2018_B_DJI_0005_00002.jpg
        - …
      - observation088.csv

*Example observation088.csv file*:    
video_name,first_frame,last_frame  
APR08_2018_A_DJI_0005,6246,-1  
APR08_2018_A_DJI_0006,0,-1  
APR08_2018_B_DJI_0005,7624,12094  

**detectron_path**: This is the path to where detectron2 is installed locally on your computer. It is used to access pretrained weights for various networks. 

**figure_folder**: Path to folder where figures will be saved.

**flight_logs**: Where drone flight logs are stored

**overhead_functions_path**: This is the path to the folder called “functions” in this repository

**pix4d_folder**: Path to folder that will store the various structure from motion processing inputs and outputs (in our case pix4d). Within this folder each observation has its own folder created in the ungulates/mapping/get_anchor_frames.ipynb notebook.

**processed_folder**: Path to folder that contains one folder for each observation (the folder for each observation is created in ungulates/detection/inference/process-video.ipynb). Each observation folder contains data generated during this process like detections and tracks.

**videos_folder**: path to folder that contains a folder for each observation within which the raw videos are stored:
  - videos_folder:
        - observation088
          - APR08_2018_A_DJI_0005.MOV
          - APR08_2018_A_DJI_0006.MOV
          - APR08_2018_B_DJI_0005.MOV
          - …







